feat: update docs for non-validator node (#1035)
vegaprotocol/documentation: versioned_docs/version-v0.75/node-operators/get-started/setup-datanode.md

3. Change the data node configuration at `$YOUR_DATANODE_HOME_PATH/config/data-node/config.toml` to `AutoInitialiseFromNetworkHistory` = true

> 4. Find the list of network history bootstrap nodes by querying the network history bootstrap API. For example: `https://api0.vega.community/api/v2/networkhistory/bootstrap``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Find the list of network history bootstrap nodes by querying the network history bootstrap API. For example: `https://api0.vega.community/api/v2/networkhistory/bootstrap`
```

5. Still in your data node configuration file, paste the list of nodes into the `NetworkHistory.Store.BootstrapPeers`:

```toml
  [NetworkHistory]
    [NetworkHistory.Store]
      BootstrapPeers = ["/dns/api1.vega.community/tcp/4001/ipfs/12D3KooWDZrusS1p2XyJDbCaWkVDCk2wJaKi6tNb4bjgSHo9yi5Q", "/dns/api2.vega.community/tcp/4001/ipfs/12D3KooWEH9pQd6P7RgNEpwbRyavWcwrAdiy9etivXqQZzd7Jkrh", "/dns/api3.vega.community/tcp/4001/ipfs/12D3KooWEH9pQd6P7RgNEpwbRyavWcwrAdiy9etivXqQZzd7Jkrh"]
```

> 6. Set number of blocks to sync to minimum value if you do not need historical data - it drastically improves startup time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Set number of blocks to sync to a low value if you do not need historical data - it drastically improves startup time.
```

Reviewer: @daniel1302 I changed this because it implies to me that there's "a minimum" you should do. I think there is no set 'minimum', though, right? But feel free to reject this if I'm wrong

```toml
...
  [NetworkHistory.Initialise]
    MinimumBlockCount = 100
    ...
```

> 7. Set the BlocksRetentionSpan

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Set the block retention span
```

```toml
  ...
  [NetworkHistory.Store]
    HistoryRetentionBlockSpan = 10000000
    ...
```

> 8. If your node is internal data-node disable publishing network history segments - it will improve performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. If your node is for internal use only, disable publishing network history segments - it will improve performance.
```
